You've already learned a ton about how to build,
interpret, and use confidence intervals in practice.
This video is just a reminder on the types of conclusions we
can make with confidence intervals and the types of conclusions we cannot make,
which are commonly confused.
When we build confidence intervals,
they're aimed at parameters.
That is, they're aimed at a single numeric value in our population.
These values include the population mean,
or the population standard deviation,
potentially the difference in two population means,
or any other numeric summary in the population.
Notice that confidence intervals do not allow us to say something
specific about any individual in our population.
More advanced techniques in Machine Learning do aim at
giving us information about every individual in a population,
but commonly, confidence intervals are not aimed at solving these types of problems.
Confidence intervals are commonly aimed at
telling you about aggregate values in a population.